#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alembic==1.7.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
authlib==1.0.1
    # via flask-multipass
blinker==1.4
    # via flask-multipass
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-url-map-serializer
cryptography==36.0.2
    # via authlib
faker==13.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-multipass
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-url-map-serializer
flask-caching==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-marshmallow==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-multipass[authlib]==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
flask-url-map-serializer==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
icalendar==4.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via flask
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
mako==1.2.0
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   webargs
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   marshmallow
    #   webargs
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   icalendar
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   icalendar
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-multipass
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.4.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
webargs==8.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata
